changed operation time to operatesFrom and operatesUntil. (#1573)
ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed market reaction field from `PvInput`, `WecInput`, `BmInput`, `ChpInput` [#1554](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1554)
- Changed `Intermediate` to `Transition` for BdewSeason [#1419](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1419)
- Refactored validation of entity classes [#1561](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1561)

> - Changed `operationTime` to `operationFrom` and `operationUntil` in read the docs [1507](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1507)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `operationTime` to `operationFrom` and `operationUntil` in documentation [1507](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1507)
```
